Docs: overhaul "getting started" (#10564)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/getting_started/getting_started.rst

      :app: samples/hello_world
      :generator: make
      :host-os: unix
      :board: arduino_101
      :goals: build

The main build products are in :file:`zephyr/samples/hello_world/build/zephyr`.
The final application binary in ELF format is named :file:`zephyr.elf` by
default. Other binary formats and byproducts such as disassembly and map files
will be present depending on the target and build system configuration.

Other sample projects demonstrating Zephyr's features are located in
:file:`zephyr/samples` and are documented in :ref:`samples-and-demos`.

Run the Application by Flashing to Another Board
================================================

Most "real hardware" boards supported by Zephyr can be flashed by running
``ninja flash`` from the build directory. However, this may require
board-specific tool installation and configuration to work properly.

See :ref:`application_run` in the Application Development Primer and the
documentation provided with your board at :ref:`boards` for additional details
if you get an error.

Run the Application in QEMU
===========================

On Linux and macOS, you can run Zephyr applications in emulation on your host

> system using QEMU when targeting both the X86 and ARM Cortex-M3 architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system using QEMU when targeting either the X86 or ARM Cortex-M3 architectures.
```

> To build run Hello World using the x86 emulation board configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run Hello World using the x86 emulation board configuration
```

(``qemu_x86``), type:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :host-os: unix
   :board: qemu_x86
   :goals: build run

> To exit, type ``Ctrl-a``, then ``x``.

Reviewer: If you want this to look a bit fancier, you can use:

    To exit, type :kbd:`Ctrl+a`, then :kbd:`x`.

Getting Started Guide
#####################

Follow this guide to set up a :ref:`Zephyr <introducing_zephyr>` development
environment on your system, then build and run a sample application.

.. _host_setup:

Set Up a Development System
***************************

Follow one of the following guides for your host operating system.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   Linux <installation_linux.rst>
   macOS <installation_mac.rst>
   Windows <installation_win.rst>

Clone the Zephyr Repository
***************************

To clone the Zephyr source code repository from GitHub:

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr

.. warning::

   Don't clone Zephyr to a directory with spaces anywhere in the path.
   For example, on Windows, :file:`C:\\Users\\YourName\\zephyr` will
   work, but :file:`C:\\Users\\Your Name\\zephyr` will cause cryptic
   errors when you try to build an application.

.. note::

>    If you're cloning Zephyr on Windows in MSYS2, use this instead:

Reviewer 2: Please remove this reference to MSYS2

   .. code-block:: console

      git clone --config core.autocrlf=false https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr

Install Python Dependencies
***************************

Next, install additional Python packages required by Zephyr in a shell or
``cmd.exe`` prompt:

.. code-block:: console

   # Linux
   pip3 install -r --user zephyr/scripts/requirements.txt

   # macOS and Windows
   pip3 install -r zephyr/scripts/requirements.txt

Some notes on pip's ``--user`` option:

- Installing with ``--user`` is the default behavior on Debian-based
  distributions and is generally recommended on Linux (and Windows if using

>   MSYS2) to avoid conflicts with Python packages installed using the system

Reviewer 2: Remove the reference to MSYS2

You can run ``zephyr/zephyr.exe --help`` to get a list of available
options.  See the :ref:`native_posix` document for more information.

This executable can be instrumented using standard tools, such as gdb or
valgrind.

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#homebrew_user]

   For details, see
   https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-and-Python#note-on-pip-install---user.

.. [#tools_native_posix]

   Usually, the toolchain is a cross-compiler and related tools which are
   different than the host compilers and other programs available for
   developing software to run natively on your operating system.

   One exception is when building Zephyr as a host binary to run on a POSIX
   operating system. In this case, you still need to set up a toolchain, but it
   will provide host compilers instead of cross compilers. For details on this
   option, see :ref:`native_posix`.

.. [#board_misnomer]

>    This has become something of a misnomer over time. While the target can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This has become something of a misnomer over time. While the target can be,
```

>    -- and often is -- a microprocessor running on its own dedicated hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and often is, a microprocessor running on its own dedicated hardware
```

   board, Zephyr also supports using QEMU to run targets built for other

>    architectures in emulation, targets which produce native host system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   architectures in emulation.  These build targets produce native host system
```

Author: That's not quite right. The 'targets which produce native host system binaries' refers specifically to the `native_posix` board, which is a separate configuration from the QEMU ones. (The QEMU targets do not produce native host system binaries in general; they produce binaries in the target instruction set which are dynamically translated to the host processor instruction set at runtime by QEMU).

Reviewer: OK.  I was trying to break the v-e-r-y long sentence into two.

   binaries that implement Zephyr's driver interfaces with POSIX APIs, and even

>    running different Zephyr-based binaries on CPU cores of differing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   support running different Zephyr-based binaries on CPU cores of differing
```

Author: Hrm, I don't think so. The subject here is "Zephyr", as in "Zephyr also supports" on line 294. If this were rewritten as a bullet list, it would look like this:

```
Zephyr also supports:

- using QEMU to run targets build for other architectures in emulation,
- targets which produce native host system binaries that implement Zephyr's driver interfaces with POSIX APIs,
- and even running different Zephyr based binaries [...]
```

This suggested change edit would result in subject verb disagreement in the last bullet ("Zephyr support"). I could say "supports" again, but that seems redundant.

I can rephrase as a bullet list?

Reviewer: I misread the long sentence.  You're right - and a bullet list would be clearer :)
